1)
Functions are advantageous to have in programs because they help avoid duplicating code. So this helps your code be easier to read due to it being shorter from the use of less duplicated code and it also easier to update because duplicated code makes your code more confusing. 
2)
When the function is called, the code executes.
3)
The def statement creates a function. 
4)
Function is a command created by the def statement and instructions for the command are in the def clause. A funtion call is telling a computer to execute the command and function evaluates to the return value of that function.
5)
There is only one global scope. And local scope is created whenever a function is called. 
6) 
When a local value returns, the scope is destroyed, and the variable are forgotten. 
7)
The return value is what the value or expression that the function should return or the expression evaluates to in a return statement. And yes a return value can be part of a expression where the return value is what the expression evaluate to.
8)
If a function does not have return statement, then that stament's return value when called is none.
9)
You can force a variable in a function to refer to the global variable by placing the keyword global infront of it to create a global statement. 
10)
The date type of None is NoneType. 
11)
The statement import areallyourpetsnamederic imports  areallyourpetsnamederic function from a module or a package. 
12)
I would call  the function bacon() in a module named spam after importing spam, by typing spam.bacon() 
13)
You can prevent a program crashing when it gets an error by typing into your code the try and except statements. When code in a try clause  then you immediately goes to the execept clause.  For example if you are dealing with ZeroDivisionError then you would type type try at the top of the code you are trying to run and the try clause woould jump to except ZeroDivisionError and prevent your code from crashing.. 
14)
The code you are trying to run goes in the try clause and the error you are dealing with goes in the except clause